story07 (#35)
alem-platform/sprint-js: story07/add-a-row/README.md

# Add a Row

| Expected file |
| ------------- |
| add-a-row.js  |

### Instructions:

Write a function named `addTableRow` that adds a new row to an existing HTML table with three columns of data.

- The function should find the table by its ID.
- Insert a new row with cells containing placeholder text received by function, like "New Row, Column 1", "New Row, Column 2", and "New Row, Column 3".
- Each new row should be inserted at the end of the table.

> You only need to create and submit the `add-a-row.js` file, which you can be checked locally with provided HTML file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> You only need to create and submit the `add-a-row.js` file, which you can test locally with provided HTML file:

```
